Updates to the Cloudflare Zaraz docs (#3798)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/zaraz/get-started/create-trigger.md

# Create a trigger

> Triggers define the conditions under which a tool will start an action. Since a tool must have actions in order to work, and actions must have triggers, it's important to set up your website triggers correctly. A trigger can be made out of one or more Rules. Zaraz supports multiple types of Trigger Rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triggers define the conditions under which a tool will start an action. Since a tool must have actions in order to work, and actions must have triggers, it is important to set up your website's triggers correctly. A trigger can be made out of one or more Rules. Zaraz supports multiple types of Trigger Rules.
```
